README.md, before:

MySensors Library v2.4.0-alpha

Please visit www.mysensors.org for more information

Current version in Arduino IDE [![arduino-library-badge](https://www.ardu-badge.com/badge/MySensors.svg)](https://www.ardu-badge.com/MySensors)

Documentation
-------------
[master](https://www.mysensors.org/apidocs/index.html) [development](https://www.mysensors.org/apidocs-beta/index.html)

CI statuses
-----------
Current build status of master branch: [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/master/)

Current build status of development branch: [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/development/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/development/)

Current build status of master branch (nightly build of Arduino IDE): [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/master/)

Current build status of development branch (nightly build of Arduino IDE): [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/development/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/development/)

Commit message:

Update README.md for this fork.

README.md, after:

This fork of the MySensors Library adds support for STM32WL series to the development branch
- Includes Mysensors STM32 archictecture hal for STM32 cube support
- Adds RLSX126X to the transport hal, which uses the RadioLib library for low level programming to support the STM32WL series
- Adds CPU voltage and Temperature support to the STM32 architecture hal

MySensors Library Info
-------------
MySensors Library v2.4.0-alpha

Please visit www.mysensors.org for more information

Current version in Arduino IDE [![arduino-library-badge](https://www.ardu-badge.com/badge/MySensors.svg)](https://www.ardu-badge.com/MySensors)

Documentation
-------------
[master](https://www.mysensors.org/apidocs/index.html) [development](https://www.mysensors.org/apidocs-beta/index.html)

CI statuses
-----------
Current build status of master branch: [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/master/)

Current build status of development branch: [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/development/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors/job/MySensors/job/development/)

Current build status of master branch (nightly build of Arduino IDE): [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/master/)

Current build status of development branch (nightly build of Arduino IDE): [![Build Status](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/development/badge/icon)](https://ci.mysensors.org/job/MySensors-nightly-IDE/job/MySensors/job/development/)
